Re : Not sure what is going on.Thanks a lot . I agree I 'm being incredibly brave - I 've never really found it at all difficult to talk about what is troubling me . Not at all . It 's a great skll I possess . I do n't think anyone should be afraid to speak up - but unfortunately it is n't always that easy . I can totally understand that . This weekend I am feeling quite good . Definitely an improvement that 's for sure , To answer your other question - sometimes talking to people online helps relieve the stress . But definitely not always . I certainly do respect my friend very very very much - and I would be willing to do anything so as to maintain our friendship and make her as happy as possible . And I think I do a fantastic job of that . In fact , I caught up with her yesterday ( even though it was n't for long at all ) and had a small talk about things . But it sucked we only spoke for about 50 minutes . We did n't get the chance for both of us to really talk about everything that has been going on for both of us . You know what I mean ? When you catch up with friends who are particularly close , you want to be able to sit down for 3-4 hours and discuss all the things that have been going on for you ; if you had any particular upsets since last catching up , what happened , how you dealt with it . How your friends family is doing and what they are getting up to , how your friends work is going , and if anything of note happened that they would like to discuss . A complete debrief you know ! But that 's just my opinion . It depends on the friend in question , I have friends that I do n't talk about my person life to at all , and neither do they for whatever reason . Regardless of us not doing any of that , I 'm not going to dwell on it and be complacent , that will only make me more upset . I 'm fine with it - and I 'm grateful we caught up at all you know ? Smiley Very Happy Being at home is an amazing thing , I 'm not sure about you - but I live alone . There 's nothing inherently wrong with it , but it just does get lonely at times . It would be like that for most people I would imagine . Considering the torment and problems I had when living with my parents over two years ago , the fact that I am living on my own now completely free of any emotional abuse whatsoever . It 's a truly magnificent thing - trust me ! It 's an enormous blessing and I am very very grateful . As you say the outside world can be dangerous - it depends upon if we reinforce the meaning of it . I just need to reinforce the fact that it is an okay thing , there is nothing terrible about it . I need to develop some new coping strategies to sort it out . I have every confidence I will . Personally though , I love going out and about . I love being in certain places . I love being in the city , but not when my anxiety decides to play up on its own accord . That simply does not help . It 's like it has a mind of its own . Funny you should mention it , I did speak to an online counsellor . But that did n't help at all . I just constantly had this sense ( or a little person on my shoulder telling me ) Re : DiagnosisHi All , Thank you so much for all of the helpful feedback ! it means a lot that you’re all taking the time to respond to me and make me feel important , so thank you . Understandably , I’ve been thinking back to my visits to the councillor from high school and remembering what they were like , and I always remember leaving and feeling really vulnerable . . is this a normal thing ? Should I expect this if I do decide to go back to one here as well ? I think I’m a bit scared to get tangled up with a councillor again – it takes a lot of trust for me to be able to say all of this to someone’s face and I don’t like feeling so vulnerable . . I definitely think it has something to do with feeling like a part of me has to be “fixed ” or “changed” .... I feel like if I actually do find out what’s going on ( whether I fit neatly or not – thank you Sophie Smiley Happy ) I feel like I’ll be losing a little part of me and I think that ’s what scaring me ... I feel like im going through this process more or less alone and I don’t know how I’ll feel about forcing myself to change or “get better ” ... has anyone else felt like that ? but considering everyone has really positive things to say about it , I am honestly considering working up the courage to go so thank you all for the push . . Thank you @Birdseye for the help about ways to avoid avoiding the councillor ! Haha I really do appreciate those tips and If I decide that ’s what I want to do , I promise to be gutsy enough to tell them that I expect to try to avoid them ! @Sophie , I completely understand that he is n’t really supposed to be trained in mental health , I guess it was just a bit of shock to build myself up that much to going and to him , it must have seemed like nothing ... so a psychologist could eventually (attempt ) to diagnose me but cant prescribe medication ? That’s okay , im not very keen on going onto medication , im already on one type of tablet and im not happy to go on anymore without telling my parents – which is a whole other can of worms ! Thank you for the links about psychologists , If I go I’ll be sure to ask about the different types of counselling and working out whats right for me – that was really helpful Smiley Happy @Bee – see my Gp did n’t even do that ? He asked a lot of questions and was like “so theres two options for people your age , these tablets or talking therapy ” and I was like “im sorry , but what do I actually have ? ” like he did n’t even really explain how hed come to the conclusion I needed help . . I’m glad yours was a little better ! So have you followed through with your plans of going to counselling or still trying to find the right one ? By your recommendation , I have contacted EHeadSpace – I sent them an email just before posting this , explaining my situation and asking for what the recommended “next step” should or could be . . so thank you to everyone that recommended them , ive finally done that too. . I’m sorry this is so long , and thank you so much to everyone that has taken time out of their own busy Re : Turning Negatives Into PositivesContinuing ... ( because I went over the character limit ... whoops ) Neg : Rightio , that other negative . Around birthdays and christmas time gift giving seems like a natural part of the season . Which is why I do n't feel as much guilt when given gifts but it 's still there hanging over my shoulder , dragging me down . Because so often my family does n't get it right and the gifts , they remain unused . A waste of money , just sitting there . Sometimes handed down but otherwise just wasted . And I feel at fault because they were for me , I should be thankful that I 'm even receiving anything but all I feel is guilt and annoyance because my family just does n't get me . I feel jealous of my younger cousin and brother who get cool things , things I would like , and I get the things my other cousin or sister would like . It 's not right , socially , to be feeling jealous , guilt and annoyance in a 'jolly ' season where I should be grateful , happy and ... sombre ? Humble even ? And the worst part is I ca n't reprociate their gifts . I ca n't buy something for someone else without help because I just do n't know people , not very well at least . Which makes me feel more guilty because all I can do is try to look happy and smile and say thankyou . Like I 'm supposed to . Ugh , I want to give my families gifts but I ca n't because I do n't know how , how to buy something for them they 'd want or how to give without worrying about what they think . Whether they 'd think or say 'oh you should n't have ! ' It 's meant pleasantly , oh you should n't have bought something for me , I do n't need/want anything ! But it does n't feel like it , it feels like they are downplaying your gift , saying your gesture is wasted . Pos : I am , obviously , way overthinking this . Your family , while completely messed up and slightly misunderstood , are slowly getting better . Their gifts are something you 'd use . Not a selfish thought , but it means they are understanding you better and what I like , what I love . And I 'm being a little silly saying jealousy is n't in the seasons . Of course it is , not a highly advertised part but as a growing teenage girl feeling misunderstood by her family it 's totally acceptable to feel jealous of your male relatives getting stuff you 'd be interested it . I 'm sure plently of people would feel annoyed too , especially sibling rivalries , being generally annoyed with your family . And you are grateful , and if not happy , but appeased . I feel content with where I am , happy that I am with my family . And sure , I suck at gift giving but lots of people do . Only last year was my family close to accurate , giving my foriegn money and travel things in preparation for my journeys . While it also sucks people are n't always straight forward with what they want , I know what some of the people in my life like and enjoy . And that 's okay . And the gesture is n't being downplayed by the phrase 'you should n't have ' . Being honest I do n't know what it means but I honestly do n't remember encountering it myself and I doubt I will . It 's just something I 've read and seen/heard on the various things I 've watched . Nothing to fear , and even if it does happen , tone and body language also mean a lot . The phrase itself seems somewhat harsh but with welcoming body language and a soft , happy tone it means something else . Neg : People are hard to talk to . And I ca n't manage very well . At all . Pos : Hahaha . I 've created LIL for this , Laugh Inside Loudly , for those quiet moments when you are LOL but not making any sound ( or even movement ) to show laughter . Because I can assure myself that I have made at least two friends that I will hopefully stick with . Even more people that are more than aquantainces but I do n't know if the word friend fits . Neg : I 'm absolutely terrible at making my own friends . Just look at my track record . My best friend from early age , our families have been friends for a long time . My school friends , my mum introduced me to them and then left me there . A friend I made on my own , gone . More friends I 've tried to make are gone . Even on my trip it felt like a friend I 've made was n't really a friend , just circumstances left us to be 'friends ' . Pos : Hush darling , I would say to myself . I 've changed a lot , still not the best judge of character but I 'm getting better . And my friend who I sometimes feel like it a 'friend ' . She 's speaks another language natively , and she was with her other native friends . They are my friends too , but sometimes it can be difficult speaking another language and she just did n't want that . And we are in the same school and see each other a lot . I 'm getting better at friend-making . And that 's good . Neg : Walk in to the restuarant near-first . Sit down at a lovely , and empty , ( four person ) table . Watch patiently as people move around you and sit at other tables . Feel your hope for friends dim , see your three friends sit somewhere else . Watch as the restuarant is almost full , your table still empty . Sigh deeply because you feel alone . Force a smile as late people are directed to your lovely and still empty table . Every . Bloody . Time . Pos : Not always restuarants but it still hurts of course . But that 's expected , I do n't mind being by myself but alone ... except I 'm not alone , not really . I confessed to the people who sat down and they said , yeah it 's the same with us . I could n't help think that they still had each other while I was alone but , her meaning was clear , I 'm not the only one it happens to . More Pos : You do n't call out to people , so they can always think the seats are taken . It did n't always happen and it also happened less towards the end . You even had an amazing friend who saw you by yourself and moved to sit with you so you were n't alone . This negative probably wo n't leave for awhile , maybe not at all . It 'll happen occassionally but what 's important , and what shines it out and throws it in that 'do not look , listen or touch ' drawer is that you do have friends . People who will sit with you , or just general people who will if you encourage . I 'm shy , reserved , people might think I want to be alone and leave it at that . I have friends who will sit with me and even if they do n't , they 're still willing another time . Neg : It seems to be taking me forever to actually fall asleep , which is becoming increasingly annoying . My head wo n't stop running , it wo n't even quiet down , and I just toss and turn for close to an hour . Pos : It 's a pleasing feeling to wake up in the morning ( except to alarms but we all know that feeling Smiley Happy ) knowing that I 've fallen asleep. Even though I 'm usually still tired . Just one more .... ( this involves sexuality and sexual topics , if that makes you uncomfortable , you can skip over it . Smiley Happy ) Neg : My head likes stories and sometimes these stories can be sexual . The problem is I am uncomfortable around those things and it just feels like I 'm fighting against myself . My brain , thoughts and body are all fighting against each other and it 's getting near too much . Pos : I know where I stand and where my feelings sit on this particular topic . While your head might go a little too far Re : Turning Negatives Into PositivesNeg : Feeling a bit fragile today . Kinda like there is too much going on inside my head to fully understand . Wanting to just live my life with only me running it for once . Feeling controlled by my parents , feeling like I ca n't stand up to them and tell them to back off , to lay off the expectations , to lay off me wanting to do thiings for them , mum especially . I 'm just getting really tired of never being able to have time alone for myself to figure things out myself . Wanting to move out already ! Pos : There is a lot going on inside my head right now , I am going to try some journaling later tonight - when I lay on the ground and throw out millions of coloured pens and textas to expres myself ! I 'm not sure on the whole parent thing , I 'll think of some strategiest o try in my journalling . I am looking at moving out at the end of the year . I need that time to find my feet . Neg : Felt really anxious when running into a parent from the last centre I did prac at ( she 's also a psychologist ) . Part of me felt though like talking , but it had been so long since I last spoke to her I had no clue what to say . I also did n't feel like talking . I wanted to go home and be alone . Pos : Part of me felt like talking because it was so easy to talk to her while on prac. I did end up talking to her , she updated me on her daughters condition they were trying to figure out when I was there . It was a good chat . By the end I understood why I had that inclination to stop and chat . Neg : Now I 'm once again confused . Do I try to gain contact with her again , or do I try with pref # 2 who I emailed over easter ? I 'm Feeling all so blood confused about the whole damn thing . I just do n't know why it all has to be so hard ! ? I do n't even know what I want . It feels like talking to her will be harder than I thought , maybe I over simplified it in my head ? Maybe I 'm over-complicating it now ? What am I to do ? Why do I alway have to question everything ? ? ? Pos : I can always try tomorrow , see which one I end up cal Re : Turning Negatives Into PositivesNegative : Did n't sleep til way after 2 last night . It was super hard to sleep , then wake this morning . I just wanted to ignore the world today . Positive : I eventually fell asleep. I eventually got up and went to work . I faced the world and smiled a little . Negative : Really struggled through my shift today . I was close to ringing my supervisor and saying I needed to leave the registers for a while , but a colleague relieved me for my break , however my break did n't help me much . I found it so hard to even focus on my breathing . It was soo hard . The 4.5 hour shift just felt too draining ... Positive : My colleague had amazing timing at coming to relieve me because I was so close to panic . I managed to the end of my shift . I kept trying to breathe deep , not focus too much on how quickly , but trying to just make sure they were controlled . As counting was only stressing me out even more . Negative : My gp was running late today , which heightened my anxiety . At first she did n't realise it was my 3month follow up apt . She also had no idea that the psych was meant to write a letter , so the psych either ran out of time or forgot . Meh . I just wanted to run away and hide . It was SO VERY hard not to close off and run . I did n't even hear her call my name the first time . Blergh . Positive : I managed to say it was the follow up apt she wanted me to attend . She looked for said letter but could n't find it . The gp apt overall was ok I guess . Negative : Feeling very over it all right now . Feeling like just packing up and running away . I do n't want to be here right now . I do n't want to face anything in my life right now . It 's all feeling too hard . I just want to rid it all . Smiley Sad Positive : I 'm getting through one day at a time right now . I 'm trynig SO HARD NOT TO STRESS over the following day . I will get through this . Positive : I have 2 choices , I can contact Eheadspace or I can contact my psych . Right now I 'm going to keep that in mind and try to calm my body and find a better space mentally . Negative : The gp asked some tough questions today . Some relating to SH &amp; suicide . I really did n't want to answer them . I felt too scared ... Positive : I answered them anyway . Because I knew it was better to be honest . I told myself that I told the psych , I might aswell let the gp know , afterall she is INVOLVED in my care right now . Negative : I forgot to ask the reception staff for an apt in 2 weeks when I finished today . I only realised when I got to the chemist . Positive : I CAN book that online myself . Which might give me some freedom and make it a little easier . Negative : I 'm not feeling very safe right now . My head is just ruminating on so many thoughts . I 'm agitated and just wanting to be left alone . I 'm not feeling able to make any clear rasional decisions right now . I 'm kind of scared . Positive : I can do some journalling to help with the supports . Being alone may help me calm down . I know where to find a list of numbers to call if I get really bad . I WIl make contact if I ca n't cope anymore . If it gets to that point , I WILL write it down for my psych . Negative : I do n't feel like facing work tomorrow . It 's an 8am shift and I 'm tired of feeling so tired . I 'm scared I 'm going to feel really anxious again like today . I 'm scared that it may get very busy and I 'll be stuck at the registers . I 'm scared of Sunday , being at the registers for 3 hours , I do n't know if I 'll cope being in express for that long again ! Positive : I just need to take it as it comes . I know if it comes to it , I feel like I could say to my weekend morning supervisor that I need some time away from the registers for a while . I 'm sure she 'll work something out if it gets to that . Negative : I do n't want to go to prac next week . I do n't feel emotionally or mentally stable enough right now . I have all these thoughts and worries about what could happen , worries abou worries and thoughts . I 'm kinda scared of them . I 'm scared that I wo n't know how to handle it if they arrise . Positive : I 'll attend the first da Re : Introduce yourself here ! May 2015@Sophie-RO haha I was wondering when it was coming , but with all the amazing things in May ! How 'd you find us ? Well ... I also found it on the internet but I cannot remember how or why . But I 'm glad I did ! If you could live in any period of history , when would it be ? Why ? At the moment ( Thanks to the Percy Jackson series ( and Heroes of Olympus ) ) I 've been getting really into Greek and Roman time periods . When I was in Rome , I was disappointed with how much catholicism there was , I was looking forward to the gods but still amazing ! Although I 'd probably die in my teen years , it 'd still be awesome ! What are you proud of ? Lots of things really , you guys , my family , myself . Tell me 10 things that we 'd see when we walk in your bedroom door ? I have a couple of bedrooms at the moment , and a couple more coming but I will use my current one . 1- A cluttered desk . 2- A weird , couch/seat thing . 3-(windows open)mountains . 4- clothes in piles on the floor . 5- My laptop . 6- a bed . 7- A stool . 8- a rug. 9- A full bin . 10- Me if you 're lucky . Smiley Very HappyWhat relationship are you grateful for today ? My guest family . We 're not related by blood but they still treat me like family and I am grateful for that.Give me three words that describe you . Only three ? Well , some of you know me pretty well I think . One - I think I 'll go with unique , it 's the best word I can use to describe my weirdness , impulsiveness , and my somewhat brash honesty . Then there is kind , my friends would laugh but that 's because they do n't see it , not really . And ... trustworthy . I 'm an excellent secret keeper . If you had to make an iPod playlist named after you , what songs would be on it ? Theme songs , classics from Star Wars , Avatar( Aang and Korra ) , Transformers( Bayverse and originals ) , a bunch of classical piano songs . A few good , energtic ones from Disney and a bunch of recordings of rain and storms andbackground noise kinds of things . Nature music . Quiet forests , rainy days , stormy days , mountain mornings , ect . Oh and Re : Turning Negatives Into PositivesThanks @Sophie-RO sometimes this thread is the only thing keeping me moving forward ... Sometimes the only reason I am able to see or even notice something has bee on my mind is when I wite it here . It seems to be a safe space for me . Really the only thing I 'm doing to try and work through it , is trying to manage it with some breathing , distraction if possible at work . Its hard though because some days I just need to work beside someone to help calm the anxiety , where as other times I know I just need to be alone . And when I 'm trying so hard not to let myself go into panic mode , it really drains my energy ... At first thought , there is n't anyone I 'd be feel ok to alk about this with . I mean with my colleagues , I do n't know them well enough to know if that 's something I could ask them . But also it would kinda feel weird . Going back to the GP early , I do n't know , I have n' considered it , but it 's not realy something I want to do , but I guess if it came down to it , I would . Making a thread seems fine , but I know it 's internal - something inside of me i actually blocking me from taking that step ! In regaurds to calling , I set myself a goal , I set a time , like today I told myself I would grab a recharge for my phone a couple days earlier so I had bonus talk to b able to ring the psych after work . Well after work , I thought about it , I brought up her number , but threw my phone onto the passenger seat instead of pressing the call button . Like my finger was right about it , and before it reached thes scre I gave up . So I really do n't know how to approach it anymore . I do n't understand why this is so hard for me . I struggle through 90 % of things I try , but damned if I know why . I mean hell , I can talk myself out of anything faster than anyone can tell me what they want me to do . It 's so frustrating . Neg : I 'm disliking this whole facebok thing of "on this day" , I keep getting all these posts from like 4 years ago , reminding me of an ol friendship , reminding me of how I used to be . Giving me another thing to feel bad about , because I do n't think I 'm fully over that friendship yet . Smiley Sad Pos : I 've tried making new friendships , I 've been trying to move on from that friendship for too long now . I 'm finding it hard now that I 'm seeing them alot at work ... I 'm able to take a deep breath and act professionally like I do with other customers . Neg : Was going to ring the psych today . I chickened out again . Feeling bad about it . I mean if I ca n't even makethat damn call , how can I even expect to get better . Pos : I got as far as bringing up her number again . I 'm trying to call her , continually bringing up her number , maybe one day I 'll be able to actually press call . Neg : Been in the wars recently , I 'm either huring myself with the way I move , or I 'm getting injured by the things around me , just yesterday I got scratched by a cat being cared of the vac , and I managed to get a nail in my foot ! My muscle in my arm is also sore from lifting the heavy boxes at work :/ Pos : I 've appl Re : Turning Negatives Into PositivesIt 's been awhile but I need to get some stuff off my chest . Neg : My mental stories are n't always pleasant , but now they are even more linked to my real world and it 's not good . Because a small part of me kind of wants it to happen , as terrible and disturbing as they are . Pos : That 's all they are , stories . I 'm a creative person , stories are my thing , daydreaming different things is something I enjoy and sadness , that 's my element in stories . I know my way around it more or less , it 's my stories focusing around what I 'm good at writing about . And I love being in stories , which is why I want them to happen , because then the story would be real , and that would be cool to me . Not because what 's happening but because it 's a story become real . Neg : I could n't stop myself from freezing up around Jayden . Their presense and warm , cheerfulness just freaked me out . Some part of me feels that they were doing it intentionally , to get that uncomfortable feeling from me and that frozen state . I kept telling myself I would n't but each time I kept freezing up . Stupidly hopeless in the face of social interaction . Pos : You 've reached out to them , kind of , and are breaking down whatever it is that makes them in particular so uncomfortable . I think I know , I almost know , the reason why too . The opposite in personality social-wise . Their outgoingness and my ingoingness conflict so their direct openness to me just did n't work with my ingoingness so I froze . Neg : My new family do n't have the middle-ground so to speak . There 's only yes or no and I ca n't handle that very well . It 's hurting me emotionally because they 'll ask me something "where do you want to eat ? " and I might want nothing , maybe a cheap take out place or I could be in the mood for something fancy but my brain wo n't let me make that choice because I really do n't mind , I do n't want my decision to get in the way of what they 'd rather do but they do n't accept that . Same with choices , "rice or potato ? " I ca n't choose , I might want potato but I 'd be fine with rice if that 's what they 'd want but I 'm in a position where my choice appears to be , the first one , in an unrealistic , broad way of putting it . Pos : I really do n't know about a positive for this . Where is the positive in being constantly indecisive in your head ? I ca n't make proper decisions , I 've rellied on my parents to do that instead , my friends . But that 's a negative . The positive about this is that I know that I can give up what I want for a friend . I am happy letting them be happy , which makes us both happy . And I know that I 'm not all that indecisive . I make the important choices , I make the minor choices and I choose which ones to let go for the sake of my friends and family . Because those choices are n't all that important in the long run and making sure my friends and family are happy is important . The important choices , those I know I will never change , but some can be simmered . And I know that as long as it does n't make me too uncomfortable ( because a little discomfort is n't a horribly bad thing because it could ( and mostly is ) related to being outside my comfort zone and I am somewhat happy to stretch it ) ) I am happy to do it . Neg : I feel silly buying things for myself . I do n't mind buying food for myself , or books for writing in , perhaps a pen or pencil if I 'm feeling generous but 'gift ' things ? It feels selfish , wasting my money on those things . For example , on my trip around Europe I bought two decks of cards , two key chains and a sculpture for myself . (admittedly one keychain was for my brother but ... do n't tell him Smiley Happy ) But I feel guilty about wasting the money on those things . They are just possessions , I do n't need them so why should I have them ? Things are expensive , or even if they are cheap , that money could be put elsewhere . Schooling is expensive , food is expensive , housing is expensive . Everything is expensive but here I am wasting money on gifts that do n't serve any purpose aside from hanging . The playing cards serve some purpose but I already have so many , why more ? I 'm not a collector exactly so , it feels like a waste . I try to be careful with money and other 's money too . I feel immensly guilty when people buy things for me . Not so much around my birthday and christmas , because those are typically social gift-giving events but when it 's something I wo n't use , it feels silly , there 's another negative in here that I 'll elaborate on in a sec or hundred but ... money is precious , sort of and I feel like I 'm wasting it . Pos : Shush . I say just shush . It 's okay to feel silly buying yourself things . But do you know what else you bought ? A shirt , jewelry and magnets . And postcards . Not all of the things I 've bought were for me . I 'd done buying for people , and it was Italy ! The playing cards had landmarks on them , some cool stuff so they were worth it . The keychains , you have a collection . And the sculpture , well that would make a good gift to someone anyway . I 'm already so careful with my money , this is a near-once in this lifetime opportunity and it Re : Turning Negatives Into PositivesNeg : Things at home are overwhelming me today . I ca n't even type properly right now . Feeling so very overwhelmed so annoyed . Feeilng at the end of my tether Pos : I 'm aware that things are hitting my limit . I am working towards being open with my psych . I am giong to do some relaxation exercises tonight after this , really just try to calm . I 'm tryig to focus on the youtube mix I 'm listening to right now Neg : Feeling like there is so much I just need to do right now . Right now there is so many things I want to do , but I 'm not feeling well enough to really do any of it . So confused . There 's so much I want to bring up with the psych , just to figure it all out , but I 'm not even sure how to address it or where to start . What to do even . Pos : I can take things one by one . I only need to go at a pace which I 'm okay with . I will be able to be open with her in time . I 've written a letter during the past week which I printed out today and plan on handing her tomorrow , that is after I show up ! Neg : Things at home got very heated today . and it 's left me feeling so confused . So lost and annoyed . I 'm sick of the same fights over money . As if money is everything . I just ca n't cope with that attitude of wanting champagne on a beer budget . I just ca n't keep living in a mixed world like this anymore ... Pos : I know I 'm not to blame for what happened . I was just a bystander . I am allowed to feel whatever it is inside right now . I am working on my attiude to everything right now . I 'm working on life . Neg : I woke this morning with a pain in my chest , near the bottom of my rib-cage . I tried to just ignore it and sleep , but it 's hung aronud a fair bit today . Not sure if it 's asthma from al the smoke in the air right now , or something else . Pos : I am watching it . I am taking all necesary precautions and monitoring the pain . Ensuring I 'm breathing nice and deep and that the air is fresh ! Neg : Was late to work this morning . Found it kinda hard to get through my shift . I 'm feeling so disappointed in myself , that I 'm struggling to get through my 4.5 hours shifts , feeling like I 'd rather be in bed . Pos : Thankful I was n't too late , and it was heaps busy either ! SO there was n't extra strain on colleagues . This something I NEED to bring up with the psych and GP and see what can be done . I 'm struggling with the shifts because of my sleep cycle and also the excessive worrying and anxieties . I am trying to get these under control by seeing a pysch ! It 's a process . Neg : Asked an old friend if there is any chance of patching things over between us , but not feeling like I CAN do that right now . Feeling like it is just too hard . Running into her at work on Friday made me remember all the things I did n't like about the relationship and why I did n't fight the friendship ending . I 'm so confused . Pos : I need to look after myself , and if right now that means that it take a few weeks to finally start to patch it over , than so be it . It also needs to be a two way street . At the moment the ball is in I Psychologically Harm Myself , because I Hate MyselfI feel like I have tried everything else , so maybe thing will help . I can hid behind my screen yet at the same time feel like I am actually telling someone about my problem . I do n't know why I hate myself . Actually thats a lie , I know why . What I do n't understand is why I ca n't convience myself that its all in my head . I live an extremly previliged life . I have an amazing family , great friends and honestly my life is pretty easy . I feel like I should be happy all the time , but the truth is that I am hardly ever happy . Yet no one seems to see that . I feel like I want to yell out for help because I am drowning yet I do n't have a voice , and even if I did no one would be able to hear me anyways . I hate myself so mcuh . The only reason I continue to push through is because I love my family and friends and I know that their lives would not be easier without me , well at least not at first . My little sister is my best friend and I know she looks up to me and loves me and it would mess her up to know that I am messed up . She has a hard enough time with me away at college , I do n't know what she would do if I was gone forever . My parents are the same way . They love me so much , and I know it . Thats why I ca n't talk to them though , they would be so destroyed to figure out that I am so f*$ %ed up , they would feel like they failed me as my parents . Which of course is n't true . Its not their fault , they have only ever been supportive and loving . So on to why I hate myself . First , I am not a good person . I try , I really do . I volunteer , I love to help people and heal people . But I can do better , I still hurt people . Maybe its not intentional , but I do . I can do so much more for the world and yet I do n't do it . How can I love myself knowing that I am not doing all the good I could be ? Mother Theresa helped millions of people , and yet I am over here being selfish , watching netflix and feeling sorry for myself . Second , I am not smart . I do n't get good grades . I ca n't even say that I try to get all As because I do n't . I just feel like there is more to life then simply getting good grades . Thats when reality sets back in and I realize I need to do well in school to do well in life , at least according to socities ideals . Third , I have a hard time beliving that anyone likes me . Really , I question how much my friends want to be friends with me all the time . Why ? Because I would n't want to be friends with myself . So why should they want to waste their time on me . I am in a Sorority and yet I feel all the girls are able to connect so much deeper then myself . I just have a really hard time making a deep emotional connection . Fourth , I have now had sex with 9 guys . I am a slut . I am 20 years old . The last one i stopped us as soon as we started because I knew that was n't what I wanted . I hate myself so much for having sex . People tell you then to just stop but I spent my life growing up being told that I was attractive and having society drop my self worth to how 